Interactive Brokers Integration
===============================
This project contains code that integrates with the trading platform
from [Interactive Brokers][1].

6/6/2010 - Versions
-------------------
- IB TWS Client = 905.4  (tws-unix-905)
- IB API = 964 (beta)
  - 964 requires 905 client.
  - Key features = Option computation for gamma, theata, vega.
- IB Gateway:
  - Replacement for TWS platform for connectivity.
  - No longer logs out daily.  Connection to IB's API server
  can stay indefinitely.
  - Part of the TWS distribution, just different Java main class.

6/6/2010 - IB API Update
------------------------
*New Request for Implied Volatility*
A new API request, calculateImpliedVolatility, calculates the
Implied Volatility based on the user-supplied option and underlying prices.

  calculateImpliedVolatility(int reqId, Contract optionContract, double optionPrice, double underPrice) 

where optionContract is the option contract. optionPrice is the price of the option.
underPrice is the price of the underlying of the option.

dThe calculated implied volatility is returned by tickOptionComputation()
in a new tick type, CUST_OPTION_COMPUTATION, which is described below.

*New Tick Type*
A new tick type has been added to the API:

  CUST_OPTION_COMPUTATION - returns calculated implied volatility as a
  result of an calculateImpliedVolatility( ) request. 

  Tick Value 53, returned by tickOptionCompution( ).

*Greeks*
Tick Types Now Return Greeks, Underlying Price, Model Implied Volatility,
Stock and Option Reference Price The following tick types return values
for the Greeks (delta, gamma, vega, theta), the underlying price, 
pvDividend and the stock and option reference price when requested:

  BID_OPTION_COMPUTATION
  ASK_OPTION_COMPUTATION
  LAST_OPTION_COMPUTATION
  MODEL_OPTION_COMPUTATION
  MODEL_OPTION_COMPUTATION also returns model implied volatility.

[1]: http://www.interactivebrokers.com
